hi guys so I got a squishy package from
22 quite right there um it was it came
really quiet to like we ordered it on
sunday and today's um one day so I can
really quick and we did get hearts and
things so we're an extra we got the toka
my hamburgers the heart this is this was
an extra butter this cushy and then I
got this too too kawaii limited edition
toast and I like this behind the best
and it is licensed put the bear and it
is quite pushy but it does smell like
unlike Charlie medicine so yeah then i
have this happy tree friends squirrel
character as you haven't seen the show
they like kill each other and i got the
blue one i think i'm gonna make the blue
on the pump there's it is really squishy
then i got this gold copper a one piece
chopper the old one and just tell miss
sitting up under this coffee
they are quite cool I just got the
package and then i have this panda so i
got this panda again one piece pinson
work pick instead of kick me the handle
it's pretty cool and then I got this
better school sailor costs and the
sailor costume if there's in the back
are nice i'm sorry so you see like who
are like Jackie with the little bear
thingy so yes and this license and its
really squishy don't push it too hard
and then lastly I got this hello kitty
cream puff it's really small expected it
to be bigger I love these two protects
it has licensing
2007 which is a long time ago but yeah I
never squish this thing yet so yeah
these are the school shoes i got from 22
coin just was my first time ordering
from her so yeah and she wrapped
everything in this really nice little
baggie with bubble wrap so that's very
nice and also for the extra which is
really nice but yeah so this is our
order from two to kauai my brother got
some other things but he doesn't want to
show it so yeah but